

Bless you letter. 
1. Im not gay like u asked me a few times, damn if u do, damn if u dont, i can do no right with u, either im too gay or too aggressive
2. Do not question my decision making power, why i chose dna over mrna vaccine, i got my rationale, as a real man, i stick by my decisions and commit, i do not always go for what others think is the best, so if i chose u, i will not have buyers remorse later
3. Im a busy businessman and working everyday, i will be a tycoon someday, i dont have the luxury of time, 2 weeks in cebu but we met only once and I wanted to relish our special first date. U called me bee before, and i call u mybaby
4. Im a happy optimistic person and a cheerful giver, while ur always grumpy, pessimistic, angry, dissatisfied, "entitled", demanding, unappreciative, unsupportive, perfectionist and a perennial taker, i can never satisfy ur impossibly high standards
5. How u interpret things is not always accurate and factual, many times in the past u have misjudged and misunderstood me, please do not think im disrespectful to u, things aren't always black or white, there's always another side to the same story, that's why constant open communication is key to a great happy working relationship, im a proud man yet im always humble with u, while ur always full of ur pride and ego and always disrespect people by doing immature things like blocking them, hanging and slamming down the phone on them mid-conversation on your whim at ur slightest displeasure. 
6.  I would've kept my distance if you told me to stop and u felt uncomfortable, i felt it was mutual and within proper boundaries, after all ur always asking me for a hug during zoom and we are old adults/grown-ups now, not college kids anymore
7. Im only intimate to my gf or with mutually understanding girl, apparently i misunderstood your feelings toward me, im hurt and feel stupid, 
8. Now i know im a fool for thinking we're a couple headed towards marriage since u knew that i just bought a better and more expensive brandnew engagement diamond ring for u one day before going to cebu.
9. After the cebu date for over a week ur still sweet to me, all of a sudden ur telling me now ur friendzoning me for an expired incident and my allegedly imaginary bisbehavior??
10. I would've appreciated the truth if ur considering someone more successful than me, ive always told u id willingly give u away to a better tycoon who would pursue u, who's more deserving and will take care and nurse u forever.
11. Im a proud champion and not a quitter, but i can never win someone over who's living in a fantasy world, who's not quite ready to get married and clearly doesn't know what she wants.
12. I know u think ur a fine princess and i wish u good luck finding ur perfect prince someday. I still believe that ur a very beautiful person inside and out, and it has been my greatest pleasure getting to know and spending time with you. 

林玉美，无论如何我依然深爱着你, 永远祝福你！

God bless u and take care of yourself always! 
 




